with all of the stuff going on it's easy
to forget about the car show and tell
you stumble on a dell feel like this one
as the 1993 honda del sol SI
full common re body kit Lamborghini
style doors that way you have 45 degree
tote up the door for work of them fill
works almost like a normal door
down position
got relocated hood hinges for sitting on
the top of the windshield this way you
can see the great carbon kevlar hood
which is actually quite rare and to
share
it's got the 42 to 21 racing header cold
air intake the five and a half inch
monitor forensic Diagnostics Jacobs
electronic ice accretion pack which
doubles the ignition spark going into
the engine we're probably doing about
150 for the wheel right now we're
getting ready to do a twin turbo system
that's never been put on a single
overhead cam motor before
hopefully we won't blow it up inside the
car you have the fiberglass relocated
center console four point harnesses with
a custom-built racing harness
a non reclining racing seat 3 10 inch
jvc stovall subwoofers pushing 6 iron
wok each hand laid Kevlar and carbon
barber
vehicle i'd probably only put in about
seven to eight thousand dollars involved
being able to do it myself I saved
myself a lot of money
I'm actually getting a lot of people
recognizing me from
mother stayed sane to see me in magazine
my part showing up all over the internet
for different companies products and I
think that's what I'm going for right
now it's just
sort of an icon so that way you know
later on when i get out of the scenes
that I can still feel like I achieved
something